alright so here's the Box checked in I'm
going to get at it with these broken
scissors because its a limos i have but
whatever can't played on so let's just
get in here on this
yeah be careful you know room what's
inside there do enough there's a rusty
spoon there we go in the shipping box
kickass looking but we got the the pack
on the list from apple store to Apple
customer via fedex home delivery that's
all that says and here it is oh man that
is killer looking check that out sorry
I'm terrible at this can't really pick
it up too well but it's like a really
cool bag like a metal reflective
holographic lighting thing really neat
on the back it's got the same all the
time machine and stuff to it and
yes I guess I'll open this up to doubt
the way I use that i use my nail so
this thing up all right plastic
your
yeah I see it a little better now
collective that is down the side 10
leopard this out of the box design an
engineer by Apple in California
obviously just get open it up install
DVD it's not just you know shiny and
reflective has like a windows cds but
then again who cares these are probably
install about 10 times faster now like i
do is get an external hard drive time
machine comes with your Apple stickers
well can't really save it and it comes
with your gigantic massive evil
instruction manual no incidentally I
probably never read it anyway but yeah
so that's it for all that maybe this
video will inspire more videos like it
and the reason I'm not showing myself is
because it is 1030 or will announce 1050
in the morning on a Friday and yeah you
understand anyway thanks for watching if
you did watch and listen to it